Hello and welcome to a short video to show you z/OS Connect EE. In this video we are going to show you how to expose some data in Db2 on z/OS using z/OS Connect Enterprise Edition… to create a RESTful Swagger-defined API, ready for your developers to consume. So this is the query we want to expose as an API for our end developers. It returns a list of employees which you can see here, and provides their employee number, name, and department code. Our Db2 administrator has already given us access to this query as a DB2 native REST service. For more information about how to a DB2 native REST service, please see the link in the description below. First step is to create a z/OS Connect EE service for this DB2 query. In the z/OS Connect API Toolkit, we create a new service project We give it a meaningful name. In this case, employeeList We select DB2 service as a project type. From the service editor for our new project, we’re going to import the schemas from the Db2 service manager. This requires a connection to Db2 which we’ll set up now. We only need to do this once, so for any future services, we can reuse this Db2 service manager connection. Here, we can see a list of all Db2 services that have been defined by our Db2 administrators. The service that provides access to the query we need is called employeeList which we can locate through a quick search. With the request and response schemas for the service imported into the project, the last thing we need to do is the connection reference. This is ID of the connection to Db2 defined in server.xml. In this case, it’s called db2Conn. So that’s our project finished, and all that remains is to export our service archive to our workspace for use in our API and deploy the service to our development server. So, using the Db2 service project editor, we were able to quickly import the request and response schemas for our Db2 service, and deploy the service to our z/OS Connect EE runtime. Our next step is to create an API to expose this service as a Swagger-defined RESTful endpoint. Our API is going to be a set of useful operations for project management tools. It might one day have functions like: task creation, order assignment, or shipment tracking; which could be served from other parts of z/OS like CICS or IMS. But for this demo, we are just looking to focus on our employeeList as the first operation in this API. In the z/OS Connect EE API Toolkit, we create a new project. We give it a meaningful name, in this case: projectManager. In the API editor we define a path for an employeeList resource in our API. We simply call it /employees as this should make the API intuitive for our end users. We are only providing an operation to read the list of employees, so we remove the POST, PUT and DELETE methods. For the GET operation, we import our Db2 service that we exported earlier as a .sar file, into employee list service project. The next thing to do is to map the API request and response. Our service request schema doesn’t require any input. So there is nothing to do. For the response we see that our service response schema, with the array of employees has been automatically to the http response body. If there are any fields we wanted to remove, we could do that here. But it’s looking pretty good so we’ll leave it as it is for now. The final thing to do is to deploy our new project manager API to our z/OS Connect EE Server. So we’ve successfully created and deployed our API. So let’s try it out… From the z/OS Connect EE Servers view, open our project manager API in Swagger UI. Here we can see our newly created GET operation for a list of employees, along with a schema for the expected response. If we click ’Try it out’ we see that we get a successful API response. And in the response body we see the list of employees we saw earlier in Db2 returned as an array of JSON objects. And there you have it! RESTful APIs to Db2 in minutes with z/OS Connect EE.