Most people don't realize that you can run docker containers inside of z/OS today. So why would you want to do that though in the first place? My name is Richard Gamblin. I am the CTO for digital transformation for IBM's mainframe business in India. One of the conversations that I have with clients that's getting the most excited today is the ability to deliver containerized workloads in new ways. So if you think about when you are delivering a new capability to your consumers, typically that's going to be delivered as a prototype these days, it's going to be a containerized microservices application, you don't know how well it's going to be received, you don't know how popular it's going to be, and actually maybe you want to release 5 or 10 or 20 different pieces of capability from your organization to the rest of the world. So the great thing about the way that we work today is you can stand this up really quickly and simply in a public cloud environment just to test the waters through a subset of employees or particularly high value customers that you want to test things with. So you deliver that capability, you find the elements that are really well received and you say, okay, brilliant, let's start rolling it out to the rest of the consumer base now. And then you start to notice that as people use certain features of this new capability, actually there might be some requirements around data privacy or other elements that mean actually you want to bring that capability back into your enterprise, back into your datacenters. Well, that's okay because the great thing about this world of containerized applications is that you typically have an orchestration capability with something like Kubernetes for instance. That means that you can bring down instances of that application or that service from public cloud and then stand it up again in your own data-centers on-prem. Now, as this thing gets really successful, you start to notice actually we're hitting some performance challenges here. And when you look into it, the reason for that is that there are certain components about that new capability that have real affinity with mainframe applications or mainframe data. And when you think about the stats that are about two-thirds to three-quarters of all digital touch points with organizations are underpinned by mainframe. That's going to be pretty common. And of course, the beauty of a microservices application is that it's already decomponentized. There is just that element that's very chatty with those mainframe applications and services. That means you can tear it down and standard tough on, on z/OS. And the brilliant thing is that now we have containers, now that we can run Docker inside of z/OS, you can simply take that component and redeploy it in a containerized environment on z/OS like you've never been able to before. So that is something that's generating huge interests with organizations today because it means you have the ability and the freedom to deploy capability wherever you need it. And not just deploy it once and then it stuck with that platform, but to deploy it and redeploy it again and again as needed for your organization. It's a very powerful thing and something that is very exciting today. If you want to read more about this, we have a number of Redbooks that look at what this ability to run Docker on z/OS is about. This is a capability called z/OS container extensions, that is part of z/OS 2.4, and it's available now. And there are a couple of excellent Redbooks that run through how you get this set up and ideal candidate workflows that might use it. I hope you enjoyed reading those and I hope you've enjoyed watching this video today. Thank you.