Many organizations have embraced open source technologies hosted on Linux, and today Linux environments are very common in an enterprise’s hybrid cloud. And that brings about some big opportunities. I’m now at the Recreation Center at the IBM RTP campus. I have fond memories of a fishing competition at this lake with my son on Bring Your Kid To Work Day. That’s despite the fact we caught not a single fish. Now there are some huge benefits which can be realized by running enterprise Linux workloads on IBM Z or LinuxONE systems. Linux on Z that benefits from all the IBM Z qualities you are familiar with. There’s also co-location to consider. Many organizations use the benefits of locating their Linux environments alongside their other production environments on IBM Z. These Linux environments reduce the latency between environments because they are hosted in the same data center, or perhaps even the same physical system. This is particularly important for enterprise workloads which are often highly performance sensitive and significant latency between processes cannot be tolerated. This colocation also allows for easy location switch over in the event of planned or unplanned outages. And we can also consider consolidation. Enterprises can usually consolidate work onto IBM Z or LinuxONE systems with fewer processors, which realizes cost savings for middleware that is priced by the CPU. So Linux workloads on Z? Lots of advantages and generally a good idea. Now let’s move on to address containers. Containerizing applications allows for their duplication and portability. However, managing hundreds of containers on a single system is not easy for us humans without investing in huge offices filled with systems administrators beavering away at an endless row of office cubicles. Enter orchestration tools like Kubernetes, and IBM’s premier enterprise-grade Kubernetes: Red Hat OpenShift. The Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform is a platform that is designed to orchestrate containerized workloads across a cluster of nodes. The platform uses Kubernetes as the core container orchestration engine, which manages the container images and their lifecycle. Application developers and operations teams can use OpenShift as a powerful tool to easily manage their container environment and see how they are organized. Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform 4.2 was released for IBM Z and IBM LinuxONE servers in February of 2020. Since then, organizations can use enterprise server capabilities, such as security features, scalability, and reliability to run cloud-native applications and accelerate their digital transformation. Now we’ve already touched on the importance of co-location: to reduce latency, and quick switching in the event of outages. And you can’t get any tighter co-location than running a Linux container on top of z/OS. This is possible with IBM z/OS Container Extensions. IBM z/OS Container Extensions (or zCX) is a function introduced with z/OS V2R4 which expands the z/OS software ecosystem by allowing solution architects to deploy hybrid z/OS and Linux applications within a z/OS environment and with a z/OS management framework. The Linux on Z container runs as its own address space in z/OS. Applications will simply look like any other Docker application to the developer. Developers can build new, containerized applications, by using Docker and Linux skills and patterns, and deploy them on z/OS. AND to do so without those developers requiring any z/OS skills. In turn, data centers can operate popular open source packages, Linux applications, IBM software, and third-party software together with z/OS applications and data, leveraging industry standard skills. In short zCX makes containerization of IBM Z easy. Certainly a whole lot easier than catching a fish in this pond.