I think it’s quite safe to say that existing z/OS systems contain invaluable business logic, and treasure troves of data that the business logic runs on. Now what if you could leave that business logic and data in place and maximize your existing investment by opening up these invaluable resources to the rest of your hybrid cloud in a secure manner? Wouldn’t that be something? Well THAT is exactly what’s possible by using REST APIs. And I’m here today at Umstead Park to introduce them. REST or Representational State Transfer APIs are an application programming interface that conforms to the constraints of REST architectural style and allows for interaction with RESTful web services. IBM z/OS Connect facilitates calling z/OS target applications by using REST calls. It provides a standard way to identify assets that are on z/OS and reach these assets by using REST. z/OS Connect Enterprise Edition allows you to serve APIs from common z/OS middleware, like IBM CICS®, IBM IMS and IBM Db2®. Essentially, z/OS Connect translates incoming REST calls to the format and codepage understood by the configured middleware. For example, you might have an incoming REST call in UTF-8 transformed to a JMS call in EBCDIC going to IBM MQ. So z/OS Connect enables REST access to middleware running on z/OS. Since z/OS Connect easily “connects” to many different middleware products, this provides a consistent access technology across middleware. Real use cases include deploying a new API in hrs with z/OS Connect instead of days without For example consider I have a COBOL application running in CICS (and yes, I’m originally from the Hursley lab so I simply cannot call it C-I-C-S). We define services in z/OS Connect that convert JSON payloads to COBOL copybooks, which allows us to interact with our COBOL application through REST APIs. CICS processes the incoming transactions and forwards the payload to our COBOL application in copybook form. A payload is then passed back to z/OS Connect and converted back into JSON before being returned to our application. One cool thing to note is that z/OS Connect allows us to omit or transform fields before they are returned to our front-end application, letting us remove fields that might not be relevant to the application. This capability is powerful because it allows us to give our developers a way to interact with our traditional application in a way that is familiar to them, regardless of their experience with z/OS. z/OS Connect provides many powerful functions, including auditing, transaction logging, API discoverability, request and response mapping using simple Eclipse-based tooling, and finally easy integration with API management using OpenAPI descriptors. So z/OS Connect gives you the ability to easily consume APIs from applications written on z/OS where in many cases, these applications were written before REST was conceived. z/OS Connect also features point and click API mapping; no code changes are required. And importantly it expose your assets without modifying the underlying programs themselves. Next up, we’re moving on to discuss Linux and OpenShift.