Hello I’m Martin Keen. In this series of videos we’ll be learning about modernization. Specifically we’ll be focusing on the technological advancements that unlock computing environments hosted on IBM Z. I’ll also be taking you on a tour of some parks of North Carolina. Each new video is a new park. You know, parks like this one at Bond Park in Cary have not escaped modernization. Sure, they’re still trees, wildlife and hiking trails but they’re also addressing transformation. I can charge my electric car when I pull up in the parking lot. No need to stop by the rangers station for a paper map when I can pull up an app on my phone and plan my hike. These are examples of innovation delivering better business value. And that’s one of the drivers of modernization today - application of innovation to deliver significant business value. But it’s not the only one. Nobody modernizes for the sake of being “modern”. But what exactly we mean by “modernization” depends upon who we’re talking to. Here you see a list of job roles, and what “modernization” means to them. So a CXO (Customer Experience Officer) sees modernization as it relates to new client experiences that fuel business growth, adds value, and increases customer loyalty. Whereas modernization to a CTO may focus on delivering new features and incremental updates in an increasing fast and efficient manner. We all see modernization through our own lens. To a Security Architect it means we’re looking at new ways to protect enterprise data and monitor system access but to an app dev it might mean using modern tools and processes through every step of the software delivery lifecycle. We can see modernization play out here, as we look at the transformation of IT systems. Many organizations include a shift from waterfall to agile development methods in their modernization journey. It’s also common to see a shift to embracing Open Source, and Cloud Computing as organizations modernize. We can broadly classify modernization into three categories. There’s infrastructure modernization. This is about upgrading and exploiting features that your IT infrastructure has to offer and you are not yet taking advantage of. Application modernization focuses on unlocking the value of the business logic coded in core programs by externalizing them using industry standard APIs. And process modernization ensures your business can respond to the needs of clients with speed and accuracy, focusing on the process of application development and the efficiency of the process. So let’s tie this in with IBM Z. At the heart of many large enterprise hybrid cloud environments sits IBM Z, which churns out thousands of secure transactions every second. If you swipe a credit card or book a trip on an airline, chances are you use an IBM Z system. IBM z15 is designed to host one trillion secure web transactions per day. The compute power of z15 comes from over a hundred cores, and throughput is boosted by up to 40 Terabytes of RAM. In short IBM Z systems are engineered to support large volumes of simultaneous transactions at higher throughput than other types of computers. And to do so while delivering the highest levels of data privacy and resiliency. So how can IBM Z be the core part of a modernization strategy? That’s the subject of this series of videos but let’s address a few points now. Enterprise workloads often dependent on more than one cloud provider, often a combination of a private cloud and public cloud. That’s a hybrid cloud solution. One technology that fuels application portability across these cloud providers is the use of containers. By using containers, developers can build, deploy, manage, and orchestrate their applications across platforms or systems. This use is ideal for typical development scenarios where a developer might run on a public cloud for their sandbox, deploy to a z/OS test system that is running on Z hardware for performance and stress tests, and finally end up on another z/OS system for production. Through all of this the developer doesn’t need to worry about which system they’re running on. Making IBM Z the center of your hybrid cloud enabled cross-platform systems management and application orchestration, with all the benefits that the IBM Z platform provides. One of those benefits is in securing data. Protecting data through encryption makes a ton of sense, but traditionally not all data is encrypted. Why not? Because of the heavy computational burden of cryptographic operations. That often leads to selective encryption where teams identify which data to encrypt and which to leave alone. Pervasive encryption, introduced with IBM z15 can run up to 19 billion fully encrypted transactions daily without affecting service level agreements and with no application changes. So instead of applying selective encryption, IBM Z enables systems that encrypt all data, both in-flight and at-rest. And with advanced data privacy capabilities IBM Z can protect the privacy of in-use data as well. IBM Z modernization can relate to deploying common tools throughout your hybrid environment, so the same tool can be used regardless of which platform it is running on. Effectively this form of modernization allows application developers on distributed platforms to develop applications for z/OS using modern IDEs. If you’re using Ansible for automation, you can still use it with an IBM Z hybrid cloud. We’ll take a closer look at some of this when we come on to talk about DevOps. Another area of modernization relates to unlocking valuable business logic and data running in the IBM Z environment. You can execute a CICS transaction or return data from a Db2 database using simple REST API calls. In this series of videos we’ll look closer into modernization strategies as they relate to DevOps, common tooling, REST enablement, and containers. I’ll see you at the next park.. if I can figure out my way home from here…